More-automated scheduler: Simpler than a spreadsheet
WISDOM is accepted as a simpler approach
"Multiple levels of complexity"

People don't do this because of having to go out and get the ET everyday.

Paul: Make the ET-getter easily modifiable so that others can put up a service.
John: Growers want to be able to put in their own ET, rainfall, and canopy percent cover. Turf, 
potato, veg crops...

Need %cover models for other crops (PALMS). Current Norman equation gives a LAI-driven crop 
coefficient number (independent of crop).
KanSched has its own tables; comes up with its own crop coefficients.
-Monteith option is in KanSched; should allow user to pick Priestly-Taylor too. Should be usable
anywhere in the world.
Danny Rogers is the Kansas State irrigation extension engineer.
WISDOM users want reports for DNR (gallons pumped per season)

Scott: ET models for other crops are out there

Precip projection (PoP)

Field groups? Definitely need to be able to assign same ET source to fields. Doesn't matter so
much for auto-download, but manual entry definitely streamlined.

Might have one pivot serving two crops
Large farm might have 60 pivots, 100 acres avg field size
Big pivots take two days to go around a field

Cost calculator?

Problem with current KanSched: Much of the data are hardwired, want to be able to modify easily.
Paul: Anything that the user should be able to change should be in easily-editable format 
(e.g. text files).

Forecast: In KS, can go out two days to predict wetter/drier cloudier/sunnier, which is nice.
Can potentially use NWS PoP and...cloudiness? Temperature?

Paul: Need to have a dashboard.
Available water today, how much I can put on w/irrig, projected for next couple of days...
sort on any of the columns and print out a report.

"As an irrigation manager, what do I need to know to decide whether to turn the system on or off
today?"

John: Mockups and show to Hancock, other irrig guys

Users: Probably mostly the growers themselves rather than consultants

Soil properties: Per-field

Soil moisture monitoring: Program can predict, but need to be able to correct on-the-fly

Water deficit in inches: Precip/irrig need; % is what soil-moisture probes give you.
